Add conference video (#6)
versotile-org/versotile.org: content/intro_video.md

+++
title = "Introductory speech at ACM Conference"
date = "2024-08-17"
description = "Check out the recording at ACM Conference about Verso!"
[taxonomies]
tags = ["video", "conference", "ACM", "Singapore"]
+++

> Our main speaker [Denjell] were introducing Verso at the `ACM Conference` in Singapore on March 22, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our keynote speaker [Denjell] presented Verso at the ACM Conference in Singapore on 2024-03-22.
```

I would recommend to use ISO 8601 as date format. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601
